                   SQL SYNTAX MODEL SKIP ID
----------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <perl@DarrenDuncan.net>

CONTENTS

* Preface
* Keeping Up To Date
* Dependencies
* Support
* Credits
* Copyright And License

PREFACE

This distribution features the Perl 5 module named "SQL::SyntaxModel::SkipID";
see the file lib/SQL/SyntaxModel/SkipID.pm for the main documentation, which is
in POD format.  The distribution also includes a ChangeLog file to say what
changes already happened, and a TODO file to say what changes have yet to
happen.  The file INSTALL should help with installation issues.  Read below for
how to get support or keep up to date, know this distribution's dependencies,
or read the credits or copyright and license.

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  You should be able to find the
newest versions at my website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net", on the page called
"Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).  They can also be found on CPAN
under the author name of "DUNCAND".  

I am inclined to update the copies on my web site more often, but those
intermediate versions are more likely to have been tested less, and the modules
may be updated day by day without increasing the version numbers.  However, the
copies on CPAN are guaranteed to have unique version numbers when the module has
changed.

DEPENDENCIES

Perl Version: 5.006

Standard Modules: none

Nonstandard Modules: 

	Locale::KeyedText 0.06 (for error messages)
	SQL::SyntaxModel 0.40 (parent class)

This module doesn't require anything else.

SUPPORT

Currently I don't have any support arranged with other people, lists, newsgroups,
or otherwise.  Feel free to ask me if you can't figure things out on your own, or
another person whom you know has used this.  I may start a mailing list for 
support issues later, so that users of my modules can help each other with them.

CREDITS

None besides myself so far.

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This module is Copyright (c) 1999-2004, Darren R. Duncan.  All rights reserved.
Address comments, suggestions, and bug reports to B<perl@DarrenDuncan.net>, or
visit "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net" for more information.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl 5.8 itself.

Any versions of this module that you modify and distribute must carry prominent
notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any changes, in
addition to preserving this original copyright notice and other credits.  This
module is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

FIN

Share and Enjoy!
